hey everybody Monday and Matt here now
here's a quick story for you MC chris
fabled and you know famed nerdcore
rapper gotten to a twitter or well
kicked out a fan last night from an
event in philadelphia at the union
transfer where this fan had gone on
twitter and said that the opener of the
ACT a man by the name of Richie Branson
was sucking and to quote said dear nerd
rapper opening for power glove / MC
Chris you're not good enough to pander
to me better luck next time to which MC
Chris comes out on stage and calls this
guy out by name is nate is his name is
Admiral Admiral Mikey calls up Mikey and
says who are you and Mike he goes hey
that's me and he goes like get the fuck
out of here you know this was you get
for talking shit on Twitter right so
here's what happens a fan goes on
Twitter and talks shit not even really
talk shit this again people taking shit
out of context by basically saying that
the opening act of this band of this
fact was not good enough for him what
happens he gets booted out of the show
I've never once heard of this happening
of course he takes it to the internet
like everyone else is in a situation
like this and gets people to get up
rally against a rally for him and they
go after MC chris basically could call
him out on the bullshit move MC chris
comes back and says oh man i'm sorry i
fucked up i feel really bad you know
please forgive me please accept my
apology and the guy does and all's well
at the world but what is this what does
this say about society right now what
does this say about musicians and
entertainers and people who go on
twitter and they get mad when somebody
says something that they don't agree
with on twitter the same thing happened
with you know with Felicia Day and
pissed off right now a few weeks ago he
says something on Twitter that other
people didn't like and they got way out
of control real fucking quick and here
we go in a real-life situation this guy
gets blasted kicked out of a show of a
rapper he's loved for a long time in
fans up for years all over a tweet about
not liking the opening act well this is
seriously when the fuck that everybody
gets so goddamn hypersensitive about
every little fucking thing on this
planet if you are one of these people
that gets all fucking rustled up over
someone
saying something you don't like you need
to go to get in your car right now find
the nearest cliff and drive the holy
fuck off it I'm sick and tired of your
stupid ass and titled over sensitive
bullshit fucking up everyone's day go
fuck yourself have a good one find me on
Twitter at Monday Matt